[docs] expose adhoc builds docs in sdk32 so we have user testing inst… (#4198)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v32.0.0/guides/adhoc-builds.md

---
title: Installing a Custom iOS Expo Client
---

> **WARNING:** This feature is in alpha release and is not released to production yet.

![Build Overview](/static/images/adhoc-builds-overview.gif)

Build and install a custom version of the Expo Client (link) with your own Apple Credentials using our build service. This custom version of the Expo Client contains features that were previously only available on the Android versions. Our build service will prepare your custom Expo Client, and you can install it to your iOS device directly from our website.

## 0. Prerequisites

You'll need a paid [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/programs).

> ## 1. Install Expo CLI

Reviewer: I'd bundle the `Install Expo CLI` step into prerequisites and just link to the cli page of docs to be more succinct.

==================
[QR Code redacted]
==================

Open the following link on your iOS device (or scan the QR code) and follow the instructions to install the development profile:

https://expo.io/udid/XXXXXXXXXXXXX

After you register your device, we'll start building your client, and you'll receive an email when it's ready to install.
```

You will need to open this QR code on the iOS device you wish to register. If you aren't taken to the `Installing Profile` page after pressing the `Register` button, try quitting your `Settings` app and try again.

![UDID Workflow](/static/images/adhoc-builds-udid.png)

### 2c. Wait for it to finish building

You can monitor the status of your Expo Client build by visiting the link. You will also be notified via email when there are updates to your build. More details can be found on your build dashboard [here](https://expo.io/builds).

```bash
==================
[QR Code redacted]
==================

Your custom Expo Client is being built! 🛠
Open this link on your iOS device (or scan the QR code) to view build logs and install the client:

https://expo.io/client/XXXXXXXXXX
```

> ### 2d. Installing Expo Client on your iOS device

Reviewer: We should add the word `custom` here to add clarity.

```suggestion
### 2d. Install the Custom Expo client on your iOS device
```
